and one more thing I had a good idea
recently and that idea was the hook kids
up to what they think is a lie detector
they think that because I lied to them
and told them it was a lie detector I
think we've done this a few times now
people seem to enjoy it so we went ahead
and did it again this time with an
adorable young lady whose name is Joelle
[Music]
hello how are you
now this is the truth fairy the truth
fairy is gonna hook you up to this
machine go ahead and start doing that
this is called a lie detector you know
what that is a lie detector is a machine
that is able to know if you're telling
the truth or not okay so I'm gonna ask
you to just tell the truth the whole
truth and not a half truth okay okay is
that comfortable on your head okay we're
off to a bad start just is that it feels
a little uncomfortable right okay what
is your name
Jillette okay Joelle how old are you
five in half and what grade are you in
kindergarten kindergarten do you like
all the other kids at school a few a few
not who do you have a problem with and
one says playing in the playground this
guy was being really mean to me so I'm
like that guy his name's Riley Riley
okay Riley all right anybody else nobody
else do you secretly love Riley a little
bit sometimes that happens when boys
will tease girls at school and they're
mean to them it's because they really
like them did you know that yeah so I
have a feeling Riley has a crush on you
mm-hmm have you ever killed anyone now
okay do you think you ever will kill
anyone yeah okay that's good do you know
who let the dogs out why whoo-hoo
that's weird that it would do that huh
are you always nice to the other kids in
your class yes I have a friend named
Jade in the enzyme once a tag tell
another cousin I was John she just
scribble scrap it on it oh she's
scribble Scrabble all over your drawing
yeah
and you tattled on her why and you felt
like that wasn't a nice thing to do why
well why did she scribble Scrabble all
over your drawing yeah that wasn't a
nice thing for her to do would you ever
scribble Scrabble on her you would
shrivel Scrabble on her drawing that's
kind of what I thought all right do you
have any secrets that you're keeping
from me yes
hmm what are they I like her thing you
like Griffin who's Griffin he's a boy
sponge very cute oh he is his name is
Griffin does he know you think he's cute
yeah cuz why he chasing me
uh-huh that's how you know did you let
him catch you yeah but secretly you want
him to keep chasing you don't you yes in
that always the way that's why we can't
figure women out I mean what is it if
you're people you know yeah anything you
want to ask the truth fairy go ahead and
make birth Victini buy me a gumball
machine
okay okay glad we got that settled well
thank you very much it was very nice to
meet you
thank you for telling the chief most of
the